Docs: readme creative updates (#1588)
stoplightio/prism: README.md

> # Prism

Reviewer: I think the main title should still stay

Author: <img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2020-12-22 at 12 41 35 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17899454/102862848-8b998300-4453-11eb-97e6-c0b453bd39c1.png">

It looks like this in Stoplight which is weird.

The change makes it look like this:
<img width="305" alt="Screenshot 2020-12-22 at 12 45 38 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17899454/102862891-9ce28f80-4453-11eb-859e-c8fb365419cc.png">

Reviewer: Well ok, but then I'd argue the bug is in the platform and should be fixed.

Author: Wouldn't say its a bug considering most tools would pick up the first heading.

If you think this is in a good spot, can we merge these changes in and make potential improvements later in another PR?

> [![Prism is a set of packages for API mocking with OpenAPI v2 (formerly known as Swagger) and OpenAPI v3.](./examples/readme-header.svg)](https://stoplight.io/api-mocking?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prism&utm_campaign=readme)

Reviewer: I really do not see the value of putting an image. I still vote to keep it in the way it is.

Reviewer: Moreover, in this way the text is hidden from the image, in case the download succeeds — not too sure this is what we want.

Author: I have updated to add a description followed by the image. That way even if the image doesn't load we'll have a description.

The image is for aesthetic purposes and makes for a good reading for normal use cases i.e. laptop and phone

> [![Prism is a set of packages for API mocking with OpenAPI v2 (formerly known as Swagger) and OpenAPI v3.](./examples/readme-header.svg)](https://stoplight.io/api-mocking?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prism&utm_campaign=readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[![Prism is a set of packages for API mocking with OpenAPI v2 (formerly known as Swagger) and OpenAPI v3.x](./examples/readme-header.svg)](https://stoplight.io/api-mocking?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prism&utm_campaign=readme)
```

> [![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/stoplightio/prism/master)](https://circleci.com/gh/stoplightio/prism)

Reviewer: (Also referring to your previous comment) I think a better idea would be to use deferred links, such as

[Link][1]

```markdown
[Link][1]

[1]: http://google.it
```

so that we clean up this section from the long strings.

Author: Done

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@stoplight/prism-http?color=blue)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stoplight/prism-cli)
[![Buy us a tree](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20us%20a%20tree-%F0%9F%8C%B3-lightgreen)](https://offset.earth/stoplightinc)

> - **Mock Servers**: Life-like mock servers from any API Specification Document.

Reviewer: I feel we're missing a section — we're jumping directly to the main features without introducing them. The above sentence covered by the image would do such job.

Author: Added

- **Validation Proxy**: Contract Testing for API Consumers and Developers.
- **Comprehensive API Specification Support**: OpenAPI 3.0, OpenAPI 2.0 (FKA Swagger) and Postman Collections support.

![Demo of Prism Mock Server being called with curl from the CLI](./examples/prism-cli.svg)

> Note: This branch refers to Prism 3.x, which is the current version most likely you will use. If you're looking for the 2.x version, look at the [`2.x` branch][2.x]

# Overview

- [Installation and Usage](#-installation-and-Usage)
- [Documentation and Community](#-documentation-and-community)
- [Roadmap](#-roadmap)
- [FAQs](#-faqs)

> - [Contributing](#-contributing) 

Reviewer: I suggest to remove this, since keeping this up to date is something nobody will ever do (see platform internal) and links will point to the empty space.

A smart renderer should do this, not us directly in the document.

Author: <img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2020-12-22 at 12 41 35 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17899454/102862848-8b998300-4453-11eb-97e6-c0b453bd39c1.png">

It looks like this in Stoplight which is weird. So to tackle this i created an overview section. That also makes navigating the readme easier on GitHub. Didn't add all the sections so there's not an urgent need to keep it up to date.

## 🧰 Installation and Usage

**Installation**
```bash
npm install -g @stoplight/prism-cli

# OR

yarn global add @stoplight/prism-cli
```

> > Prism requires NodeJS >= 12 to properly work.

Reviewer: Why is this quoted?

> For more installation options, see our [installation documentation](https://meta.stoplight.io/docs/prism/docs/getting-started/01-installation.md).

Reviewer: This forces me to go on the web when I have all the documentation right in a directory. I'd say to preserve the local link.

Author: Fixed

[cli-docs]: ./docs/getting-started/03-cli.md
[2.x]: https://github.com/stoplightio/prism/tree/2.x
[http-docs]: packages/http/README.md

> ## 🌲 Sponsor Prism by Planting a Tree

Reviewer: We already have a button above, do we need to repeat ourselves here?

> If you would like to thank us for creating prism, we ask that you [**buy the world a tree**](https://offset.earth/stoplightinc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to thank us for creating prism, we ask that you [**buy the world a tree**](https://ecologi.com/stoplightinc).
```
